[Music]
sixteen things that immediately catch
men's attention toward women you see her
in tons of movies magazines and
commercials the perfect woman that every
man is supposedly after but guess what
ladies guys are looking for unrealistic
perfection in fact there are only a
couple of small details we pay attention
to when we see want to find out what
they are then keep on watching but first
don't forget that we have tons of
helpful and informative videos coming
out every single day on the bright side
of life so make sure to hit that
subscribe button and ring the bell for
notifications okay
back to the little things that can make
or break a man's first impression of you
starting with number 16 perfume experts
know that your sense of smell is closely
connected with your memory so it's no
wonder that a pleasant and intriguing
perfume can make a lasting impression on
us and surveys agree guys really do pay
attention to how a woman's mouth just
don't go too crazy with your favorite
scents too much of a good thing can be a
little too pungent the universal rule of
less-is-more goes for fragrances as well
number 15 nail polish a lot of women
like to have perfectly manicured nails
and some even consider it an extremely
important detail for catching a guy's
attention but is it really true well as
far as nail polish is concerned most
guys just have their own individual
preference a lot of us don't even notice
it while others consider it a nice touch
to a woman's overall look now we do
notice if your nails are trimmed and
clean but it's not like that's a deal
breaker or anything however there's one
thing most men agree on extremely long
nails or super bright polish are to that
attractive most of us prefer nails
painted in a nude color or the simple
but elegant French manicure 14 eyebrows
like most trends the one surrounding
eyebrows are ever
changing nowadays the fashion and
cosmetic industries seem to be pushing
the bushy but sharp look which can make
some women with really light or thin
eyebrows feel the need to draw theirs on
thick as for us guys we're not all that
drawn to this fad especially when brows
are painted on too intensively but the
truth is we rarely even pay attention to
this detail of your appearance
sure beautifully done eyebrows can frame
a face nicely and bring out your eyes
but from our point of view there's no
need to stress out about them 13
eyelashes long thick eyelashes are
another thing a lot of women strive for
and if most ladies agree that it looks
gorgeous guys opinion are actually
divided half of us think that false
eyelashes or extensions are outstanding
and make a woman look more feminine and
sweet yet according to surveys the other
half say that they look too obvious and
unnatural which is a complete turnoff so
it looks like it just depends on the
quality of the lashes or the extensions
you get considering the fact that most
of us know literally nothing about this
kind of stuff it probably won't be hard
for you to fool us here number 12
makeup alright we've mentioned brows and
lashes so we might as well talk about
makeup on a whole you can probably guess
by now that most men say they like a
bare face however surveys show that guys
who say they prefer no makeup are
actually drawn to the so called no
makeup makeup look real eyelashes with
carefully and minimally applied mascara
natural eyebrows a hint of blush and
soft colored lips see it's easy to fool
us in our minds we just want to see your
real beauty not a bright or heavy mask
but if you're a makeup lover then you
just keep doing you besides it's only
makeup and it washes off at the end of
the day right 11 minor breakouts oh I'm
pretty sure we're all familiar with acne
and occasional pimples not unless you're
one of those lucky few that are blessed
with perfect skin so ladies we
absolutely get it
zits suck and we're not going to judge
you for having that
course guys do pay attention to how your
skin looks and we will notice that
pimple on your nose it's just not
something we'd focus on after all it's
only temporary right
however some men and let's be honest
women to automatically associate serious
skin issues with poor hygiene I know I
know
acne can be hormonal and have nothing to
do with what you eat or how well you
wash your face I didn't say the
Association was right I just said it
exists still it shouldn't be a reason
for you to put yourself down if your
acne keeps you from living your best
life be sure to see a dermatologist
they'll do what they can to get you on
the road to flawless skin and better
self-confidence number 10 legs that
aren't perfectly smooth picture it a
woman is running to the bathroom to
shave her legs as fast as she can while
brushing her teeth in preparation for a
date sound like every rom-com you've
ever seen again the idea that a woman
should have perfectly smooth legs is one
of those things you're constantly fed by
the media but doesn't really matter all
that much to us dudes
ladies were perfectly cool with a little
leg stubble for most of us it doesn't
really matter whether or not they're
smooth visually or to the touch so if
you're not a big fan of shaving your
legs frequently or if your leg hair
grows faster than bamboo don't stress
about it
your man probably won't care the
slightest bit number 9 dirty shoes with
fall just around the corner get ready
for sweaters pumpkin spice lattes and
dirty shoes and unlike all the previous
things there's nothing attractive about
them right well in general dirty shoes
don't evoke any strong feelings of
irritation among men so if it's not
something completely out of the ordinary
we won't pay attention to it but you
know we're not blind
so like anybody else we will notice if
your shoes are way too muddy and as you
can probably guess it certainly won't
leave a good first impression
number eight wrinkled clothes just like
with dirty shoes we usually don't focus
our attention on whether or not you
ironed your clothes today but that
doesn't mean your crush won't notice it
if it happens regularly
plus wrinkly clothes don't really
flatter anyone male or female don't you
think I mean survey shows that both men
or women see it as a sign of how
well-groomed a person is so make sure to
take care of not only yourself but your
things as well number seven worn out
clothes while we're on the topic of
clothes let's talk about the faded and
worn out things if you were wondering
what the male point of view on this is a
lot of guys admit that they've never
even thought of it before and it's not
necessarily something they notice others
however say that they interpret wearing
old clothes as a sign that a woman
doesn't really care about how she looks
hmm how do you guys feel about faded or
torn clothes is it a deal breaker for
you sound off in the comments number six
stretch marks if stretch marks are
something to be ashamed of according to
society's rule book on how to be perfect
then we got sure hunk aware of it some
men out there don't even have a clue as
to what stretch marks are because they
don't even notice them and even those
who do see them state that they don't
think of stretch marks as something bad
or gross so don't worry about this one
either your body looks amazing stretch
marks or not number five a little belly
ladies you don't have to suck it in if
you think that men care about the size
of your belly
that's much further from the truth than
you think in reality ninety percent of
guys aren't worried about a little pooch
and never even pay attention to it if a
woman has one of course a lot of men do
appreciate a woman that takes care of
her figure but a perfectly flat stomach
isn't that big of a deal for us all body
shapes and sizes are beautiful as long
as you feel comfortable and confident in
your own skin
number four hair that wasn't washed
today ah yes
we're all guilty of skipping a wash
every now and then plus shampooing your
hair every single day is bad for it so
again we don't really pay that much
attention if your hair doesn't look like
it was washed today if you took a shower
that day before but your hair still
looks fresh and clean then there's no
problem but of course if it appears
really greasy
obviously overdue for a wash then we'll
definitely notice this just like the
rest of the human population and no that
won't give you any extra points in the
attractiveness Department number three
beautiful lingerie of course
not too many guys would be appalled by a
beautiful lingerie but that doesn't mean
you need to go out and buy the most
expensive little Victoria's Secret
number you can find it just needs to
look nice so yeah your guy will
appreciate a sexy lace panties and bra
set just don't forget one simple but
crucial thing whether you're in sexy
lingerie or lounging around in a sports
bra and boxer-brief your guy should find
you irresistible no matter what the main
focus should always be on you
number two swearing when it comes to
swearing every man has his own opinion
some guys feel that cussing doesn't
really suit women but do bad words
really suit anybody that's the question
the more open-minded sorts don't really
mind if their wives or girlfriends
express themselves naturally with some
curse words especially when the
situation calls for what she's supposed
to say when she stubs her toe on that
end table holy moly that isn't very
pleasant if no as for constant swearing
not that many men find it cool so just
like with a lot of other things it's
different for everybody again you do you
number one smoking smoking like cursing
is another bad habit for both men and
women so it may come as no surprise that
80 percent of guys confess that they
don't like it when a woman smokes others
as you can guess are fine with it
plus there's one more group of men who
are very particular about it as long as
a woman doesn't smoke in her car then
it's okay weird but to each his own and
that's pretty much all you need to know
about how to make the perfect first
impression on a guy without having to be
TV perfect all these factors influence
our opinion as a whole so let's say a
woman wears dirty shoes and wrinkled
clothing has unkempt nails cusses like a
sailor and smokes well our first thought
certainly wouldn't be great but if a
woman has only one or
two of these crates it's alright for us
being yourself and having a positive
outlook on life make any woman ten times
more attractive so stick to that and
you'll be just fine
did we miss any other things that guys
notice about girls and what about the
other way around what immediately
catches a woman's attention in a man let
us know down in the comments don't
forget to like this video and share it
with your gal pals and for more bright
side excitement in your life
be sure to subscribe and join the family
until next time
[Music]